ST with secrets - mysql, elasticsearch, postgresql. Customer facing doc for setting secrets as env variable (#4945)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/mysql/index.md

## Fields creation in Sumo Logic for Local File

If not already present, the following [Fields](/docs/manage/fields/) are created as part of source template creation.

- **`sumo.datasource`**. Fixed value of **mysql**.
- **`deployment.environment`**. This is a user-configured field set at the time of collector installation. It identifies the environment where the host resides, such as `dev`, `prod`, or `qa`.
- **`db.cluster.name`**. User configured. Enter a uniquely identifiable name for your mysql cluster to show in the Sumo Logic dashboards.
- **`db.node.name`**. Includes the value of the hostname of the machine which is being monitored.

## Prerequisites

### For metrics collection

- The MySQL metrics [receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/mysqlreceiver) collects metrics by querying MySQL's global status and InnoDB tables. This app has been tested with following MySQL versions: 8.0

> - Make sure to set the password of MySQL user as an environment variable for OpenTelemetry agent, refer to the [Setting Environment variable with secret values for Source Template](../../st-with-secrets.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to set the MySQL user's password as an environment variable for the OpenTelemetry agent. Refer to [Setting Environment Variables with Secret Values for Source Templates](../../st-with-secrets.md).
```

---
slug: /send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/mysql
title: MySQL Source Template
sidebar_label: MySQL
description: Learn about the Sumo Logic MySQL source template for OpenTelemetry.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> <head>
>   <meta name="robots" content="noindex" />
> </head>
> 
> <p><a href="/docs/beta"><span className="beta">Beta</span></a></p>

Reviewer: Remove beta docs code (you indicated these are GA)

```suggestion
```
